registerTwitter.md, before:

How to register the app with Twitter:
=====================================

### These are some of the steps and screen-shots to register your app with Twitter:

-   You can register the app over [here](https://dev.twitter.com/). When you click on the link you are forwarded to Twitter's developer site. You need to Sign-in with your Twitter account. If you dont have the twitter account you can sign-up with twitter and get then login with the new account credentials. The Sign-in button is on the top right.

    ![image](images/twitHome.png)

-   After logging in with the Twitter credentials, you can manage your existng applications or create/register new applications with Twitter by clicking on 'My Applications' as shown in the screenshot.

    ![image](images/appl.png)

-   Now you can see your existing applications if you have any registered before. You can register the app by clicking on 'Create a new application' button.
    
    ![image](images/myappl.png)

-   You will now have to fill the application details, agree the rules and the submit the form to register the app.
    
    ![image](images/app_details.png)

-   After registering the app you'll see the Consumer key and Consumer secret in the OAuth settings. But you also need to create access token and access token secret. You can do that by clicking the 'Create my access token'.

    ![image](images/tokens.png)

-   You can see the generated access token and access token secret by clicking on the OAuth tool tab.

    ![image](images/access_tokens.png)

-   You can just copy these tokens (consumer key, consumer secret, access token, access token secret) in your application and you are all set to use the Twitter API. You will need to check the [documentation](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1.1) to use the various REST APIs.

Commit message:

Updated registerTwitter text and images to reflect newer Twitter UI references for API Keys

registerTwitter.md, after:

How to register the app with Twitter:
=====================================

### These are some of the steps and screen-shots to register your app with Twitter:

-   You can register the app over [here](https://dev.twitter.com/). When you click on the link you are forwarded to Twitter's developer site. You need to Sign-in with your Twitter account. If you dont have the twitter account you can sign-up with twitter and get then login with the new account credentials. The Sign-in button is on the top right.

    ![image](images/twitHome.png)

-   After logging in with the Twitter credentials, you can manage your existng applications or create/register new applications with Twitter by clicking on 'My Applications' as shown in the screenshot.

    ![image](images/appl.png)

-   Now you can see your existing applications if you have any registered before. You can register the app by clicking on 'Create a new application' button.
    
    ![image](images/myappl.png)

-   You will now have to fill the application details, agree the rules and the submit the form to register the app.
    
    ![image](images/app_details.png)

-   After registering the app, you'll see the API key and API
    secret values under the API Keys tab. To get your API access token, click
    'Create my access token' at the bottom of the page and you will see the generated access token and access token secret 
    ![image](images/TwitterAPI.png)

-   You can just copy these tokens (API  key, API secret, access token, access token secret) in your application and you are all set to use the Twitter API. You will need to check the [documentation](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1.1) to use the various REST APIs.
